Hi all this is Achyuth Prasad

I have been working as a Devops engineer from past 6 years, 
Currently I am working with Maveric Systems at Banglore location as a permanent employee.

coming to roles and responsibilities in the current project, automation is key role in our team.

--->we are using Devops tools i.e, git,jenkins,ansible,docker,Kubernetes and aws cloud as well.

-->we are supporting muliple technologies CI/CD process, i.e, java, node js and python

-->most of the infrastrucuter hosted on aws our job is creating ec2 instances and pre-requisits for instanaces and deploying artifact on specific application
servers by using automation tools.

-->we have successfully setup jenkins master and slave for build release teams and we have provided some automation scripts them, they will modify and they
will excute as per their requirement.

-->we have successfully setup docker setup for DEV and TEST environment for developers and testers by using docker build and docker compose.
for this we have successfuly created weblogic base image to deploy our applications weblogic containers.

-->using ansible for configuration managment tool, to provising infrastrucute on on-premsis servers and excute multiple tasks on multiple nodes
ansible integrated with jenkins to deploy artifacts on tomcat application servsr.

we are using git to stock of our application code, having good exp on git lab and bitbucket also
coming to CI tool, mostly familier with jenkins, In jenkins we used so many plugins based on project requiremnt 

My routine tasks are:
1. Attend stand up calls where we discuss about challenges, ongoing changes and deployment.
2. Involved in Project meeting to know client's requirement.
4. Checking the tickets using Jira tool.
5. Creating automation using shell script, Jenkins, Ansible.
6. We make sure our infrastructure are up and running.
7. As per request we have to add resources such as CPU resource, storage, memory resource.
8. We have to take care of configuration issues, server issues and performance issues.
9. As we are using Dynatrace as monitoring tool so get alerts for any threshold values.
Like application is not reachable, server down issue.
10. We always get new requirement to setup the different environment, install the application,
K8S cluster setup, K8S deployment, application DB for which Ansible playbook already written.
11. We have to take the backup such as AMI backup, Volume backup etc.

Release Process:
------------------
we are supporting few weeks of release life cycle, 
2 weeks for SIT
2 weeks for UAT

post that will promote our chnages into prod environment.
whenever release was starting, we will get branch request so that we can create release branch in git
we will configure release branch with jenkins and will trigger jenkins jobs and will generate artifacts.
we can store the artifacts in nexus repository, post that will deploy in SIT environment
If SIT environment will approve the artifcts we can deploy in UAT environment.
If UAT also approve the artifacts we are closely working with Testing Team and we will deploy in PROD by using CRQ.
If everthing expected will do post release activities, if any bugs found in Prod environment will do the rool back by using previous CRQ


AWS:
--------
Having exp on aws services.
EC2 Creation
snapshots
EBS
AMI
Loadbalancer, autoscaling, VPC,S3 and Roue 53